New blog post: 2021 Recap (#121)
AntennaPod/antennapod.github.io: _blog/2021-12-30-2021 Recap.md

---
title: 2021 Recap
excerpt: What happened in the AntennaPod project in 2021
date: "2021-12-30 11:00:00"
image: "2021/recap.png"
author: bytehamster
layout: blog
---

Looking back at 2021, a lot happened in the AntennaPod community. In this blog post, we want to summarize the most important milestones.

# App development

> **Over the course of 2021**, 48 contributors helped improve AntennaPod. In total, they made no less than 482 changes (commits) to the source code, touching about 29 000 lines of code. This makes AntennaPod a pretty active project, even though it is run completely by volunteers in their free time.

Author: ```suggestion
**Over the course of 2021**, 51 contributors helped improve AntennaPod. In total, they made no less than 505 changes (commits) to the source code, touching about 30 000 lines of code. This makes AntennaPod a pretty active project, even though it is run completely by volunteers in their free time.
```
